feat(changelog): transactional-email-added-smtp-login-authentication-met 2023-11-07 (#2366)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2023/2023-11-07-transactional-email-added-smtp-login-authentication-met.mdx

---

> title: SMTP LOGIN authentication method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Transactional Email now supports the SMTP login method
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'

>     url: 'https://https://scaleway-community.slack.com/archives/C0358JE0XEKslack.scaleway.com'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
```

date: 2023-11-07
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> We have added the SMTP LOGIN authentication method to our transactional email service. This new feature allows our users to benefit from an additional authentication option to secure their SMTP communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway's Transactional Email now supports the SMTP `LOGIN` authentication method. This new feature allows our users to benefit from an additional authentication option to secure their SMTP communications.
```
